Add vite-wind starter template (#62)
vitejs/awesome-vite: README.md

- [vite-vue3-tailwind-starter](https://github.com/web2033/vite-vue3-tailwind-starter) - Starter template with Vue 3, Vue Router and Tailwind CSS.
- [vite-ts-tailwind-starter](https://github.com/Uninen/vite-ts-tailwind-starter) - Starter template w/ TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, Cypress.io e2e tests + CI.
- [vite-electron-quick](https://github.com/MangoTsing/vite-electron-quick) - Starter template with Vue 3, TypeScript and Electron 11.

> - [vite-wind](https://github.com/boussadjra/vite-wind) - It's a Vue 3 boilerplate based on Tailwindcss + Typescript + Vite + css-pro-layout, it includes +9 components and it supports also the dark mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [vite-wind](https://github.com/boussadjra/vite-wind) - Boilerplate with Tailwind CSS, TypeScript, css-pro-layout, 9+ components and dark mode support.
```

- [vite-vue3-tailwind-starter](https://github.com/web2033/vite-vue3-tailwind-starter) - Starter template with Vue 3, Vue Router and Tailwind CSS.
- [vite-ts-tailwind-starter](https://github.com/Uninen/vite-ts-tailwind-starter) - Starter template w/ TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, Cypress.io e2e tests + CI.
- [vite-electron-quick](https://github.com/MangoTsing/vite-electron-quick) - Starter template with Vue 3, TypeScript and Electron 11.
- [vite-wind](https://github.com/boussadjra/vite-wind) - It's a Vue 3 boilerplate based on Tailwindcss + Typescript + Vite + css-pro-layout, it includes +9 components and it supports also the dark mode.
- [vite-electron-builder](https://github.com/cawa-93/vite-electron-builder/) - Template for Electron apps using Vite for both back and front-end, with automatic releases and updates.

> 

Reviewer 2: Please omit this line.
